(Blue Maiden)
Ai, what are you doing here?
(Ai)
Oh I was just strolling
through the neighborhood
and thought
I'd pop in to check...
on my two favorite meatbags.
It must have taken
some impressive 'strolling'
for you to have reached us
in a moving plane
that's flying
over 500 miles an hour,
39,000 feet in the air.
I know, right?
It's a miracle I didn't
pass out on the way...
like her.
Hayami!
(Ai)
She'll be fine.
But for the record,
she wasn't very welcoming.
But to get to the point,
how about handing over
your code key.
You've known me long enough
to know I won't just hand
my code key over to you!
(Ai)
I know.
Just thought I'd ask politely
like a nice house guest.
But I'm really one o' those
rude guests
who takes over the house,
or in this case, airplane.
Like this.
This should be a perfect flight,
as long as my passengers
are cooperative.
Is that a threat?
Whoa, chill, I was just engaging
in harmless banter!
However, I do want that code key
and since you won't
hand it over to me...
I'll duel you both for it.
(grunting)
(Pandor)
If we're having a duel,
then I shall be of assistance.
(gasps)
Pandor?
Didn't I just defeat you?
I seem to remember
our duel vividly,
considering it just ended
minutes ago.
I am the last of the Pandors.
But soon I will be
the first Pandor,
the first to defeat you.
Well, you're not the first
Pandor to get on my nerves,
that's for sure.
But let's move on.
Sooner or later this crate
will start running out of fuel
so I don't want to waste
any more of our time.
In order to speed things up,
I'll take you both on
at the same time.
He doesn't lack
any confidence,
that's for sure.
Yeah, big mistake.
(All)
Let's duel!
♪♪♪
You know what will make
our duel even more exciting?
(snap fingers)
Spectators.
Hey,
look it's Playmaker,
Soulburner, and Varis!
(Ai)
I patched their signals
to the holographic projectors.
It's not quite a live
studio audience,
but close enough.
So, Ai, you tracked down Zaizen.
You tried making it
tough for me,
but you didn't make it
tough enough.
And it looks like we're
missin' one more viewer.
(snap fingers)
Hi, Kolter!
Miss me much?
No way!
Hey, Master!
I made it here
just in time
to watch ya duel
the meatbags!
Great, cuz it's gonna
be a good one!
Well, now that everyone's here
we can get this duel underway.
And since you're
the home team,
I'll let you
go first.
Fine with me!
It's my turn!
I summon MARINCESS BLUE TANG!
When I summon her out,
I have to send
a MARINCESS from my deck
straight to the graveyard.
Now I'll use BLUE TANG
to Link Summon Link 1
MARINCESS BLUE SLUG!
And due to BLUE SLUG's ability,
I get to retrieve a MARINCESS
from our graveyard.
But that's only
the beginning, Ai,
cause when MARINCESS
BLUE TANG is used
to Link Summon a Water Monster,
I get to look at the top
three cards in my deck.
And if one of 'em's a MARINCESS,
I add that to my hand.
Next, I summon
MARINCESS SEA HORSE
next to BLUE SLUG's link.
And I'll use 'em both
to Link Summon!
Link 2 MARINCESS CORAL ANEMONE!
Then CORAL ANEMONE activates
her special ability
to summon BLUE SLUG
next to her link!
Now, I'll use them
to build the circuit
that turns dreams into reality!
The summoning conditions require
two or more Water monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 MARINCESS MARBLED ROCK!
I must say your deck's
quite similar to Aqua's.
(Blue Maiden)
It's way more than similar,
it's the same,
And like Aqua,
I can use MARBLED ROCK's ability
to get a MARINCESS back
from our graveyard.
And then I place
two cards facedown
and end my turn!
Well, well!
That was an impressive turn.
And productive, too.
You went through more
links than a golf course.
I can see you worked hard
to master Aqua's deck.
Yeah.
And if she were here,
I know she'd be proud of me.
That's very well put.
Aqua would be proud of you
if she were here,
but she's not, of course.
Because you failed
to protect her.
Oh well...
This card is perfect.
I summon PIKARI @IGNISTER.
Due to PIKARI's ability,
I get to draw the Field Spell
IGNISTER A.I.LAND from my deck.
Now watch this!
I Link Summon
Link 1 LINGURIBOH!
On top o' that,
I activate my Field Spell!
IGNISTER A.I.LAND
summons a Level 4
or lower @IGNISTER from my hand.
Come on out, ACHICHI @IGNISTER!
And guess what?
Another monster
is gonna join the party.
When Lingy is
in the Extra Monster Zone,
I can summon HIYARI @IGNISTER
next to its link!
Nice, right?
I now have everything
I need to create my circuit!
The summoning conditions
are three Cyberses,
one of which is a Dark monster!
Finally,
it is time to unleash a monster
forged from the darkest
depths of the shadows,
striking fear
into all who witness
its majestic might!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER!
Then IGNISTER
A.I.LAND activates,
letting me summon
another @IGNISTER!
DOYON @IGNISTER!
There is a heavy correlation
between the monsters in its deck
and each of the Ignis.
For example, ACHICHI @IGNISTER
is clearly a representation
of the Fire Ignis.
(gasps)
Similarly, HIYARI @IGNISTER
is the Water Ignis.
(gasps)
And DOYON @IGNISTER
represents
the Dark Ignis itself.
I see...
That deck has been built
around the friends that Ai lost.
He's not dueling
for himself,
but for his
fallen family.
I'm surprised it took you
so long to realize that,
even turtles call you slow.
Due to DOYON's ability,
I retrieve HIYARI
from my graveyard
And DARK TEMPLAR
has an ability too.
It resurrects as many @IGNISTERS
as possible from my graveyard
and summons them
next to its links.
So returning are
ACHICHI @IGNISTER
and HIYARI @IGNISTER!
And I can use them
to Link Summon again!
The summoning conditions
require at least two Cyberses,
one of which is a Fire Monster!
From the infernal blaze
that gave birth to the universe,
comes a monster that scorches
all who cross its path!
Rise up from the flames!
Link 3 FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER!
I know that monster.
It may look intimidating,
but the other Pandor already
informed me on how to defeat it.
Oh if you have the knowledge
of all the other
Pandors I dueled,
you can't be fooled.
Unless I try something else,
a completely new strategy
that revolves around this card.
When my Link Monster's arrow
points towards
my Spell & Trap Zone,
I can activate a Link Spell.
Say what?
Ai's gonna use
a Link Spell?
No way!
(sighs)
And this is a Spell
you know quite well.
The Link Spell JUDGMENT ARROWS!
Oh man.
I don't believe it!
How on Earth could he ever
play JUDGMENT ARROWS?
Ai, you know that's
the same card
that destroyed your home world!
Man, talk about an uncool
move to make.
Ai,
if there's one card
that should stay off limits
you know it's that one!
(Ai)
But why?
As you said yourself,
it's a powerful card,
so hold on...
Did you actually think I wasn't
taking this fight seriously?
I can see why you'd think that.
Because the war's
already over for you, right?
And things have been going
so well for you, meatbags.
Like Skye, how's Miyu doing?
Good, right?
(gasps)
Yeah.
After Bohman and Lightning
were defeated,
she actually woke up.
Skye!
You brought flowers?
Thanks!
Miyu!
You're awake!
All thanks to you.
Huh?
I don't know if it was
just a dream,
but Aqua told me
that you saved me.
(sobbing)
(laughs)
Oh Miyu!
And your brother is fine, too,
isn't he, Kolter?
He is.
I'm glad things are goin'
so great for you, meatbags.
But I& will never get the chance
to see the other Ignis again.
I know, Ai.
Sorry.
Ai, we all wish that things
had gone differently.
Not me.
The Ignis posed a threat
to mankind's existence.
If they had chosen
to take a different path
they would
still be here.
That Ignis is trying
to garner your sympathy
but it will get none from me.
(Pandor)
What Varis says is correct.
The Dark Ignis is trying
to trick and manipulate you.
It wants you to feel pity,
so that you won't
duel it as hard.
Seriously?
That's not very nice.
Master,
so are you what they say you are
or are you not
what they say you are?
Maybe yes maybe no,
but it doesn't matter.
They're just trying to eat away
at my confidence.
But I know you'll serve
'em up on a platter
just like this one!
Oh yeah!
I hope you're plannin'
to mop up that mess,
but hey, props to you
for the impromptu props.
Thank you, I aim to please!
(laughs)
Time to pour on the heat!
FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER
attacks your MARBLED ROCK!
And JUDGMENT ARROWS doubles
my PHOENIX's attack points!
Well that's not gonna matter!
'Cause due to MARINCESS
MARBLED ROCK's ability,
by discarding one MARINCESS
that's in my hand...
MARBLED ROCK isn't destroyed...
I won't be taking any damage!
And then I'll activate
my trap card MARINCESS WAVE!
Your FIRE PHOENIX loses
all its special abilities
until the end of your turn!
Oh!
You stopped me from dealing you
a single point of damage.
Too bad for you I have
other ways to mess up your duel!
I activate the spell
TA.I.MED TECHNIQUE!
By banishing my FIRE PHOENIX,
I get to banish
a card from your hand
for every one of its links!
Since FIRE PHOENIX is Link 3,
I get to banish 3
cards from your hand
until the end of the battle.
Ah!
(Ai)
TA.I.MED TECHNIQUE also moves
my DARK TEMPLAR
from the Extra Monster Zone
to the Main Monster Zone.
Next to JUDGEMENT ARROWS's.
And since you have
no cards in your hand,
you can't use
MARBLED ROCK's ability.
You had this all planned
from the start!
I did.
DARK TEMPLAR,
attack MARBLED ROCK!
And JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles its attack points!
Aah!
Are you okay?
You hurt?
It's... just a sting.
With that, I end my turn.
That means my banished
FIRE PHOENIX
returns to my field.
(Pandor)
And the cards that were
banished from your hand
also return as well.
You know what,
I've had enough of this duel.
Huh?
This may sound like I'm
just making excuses
'cuz I already lost
over half my life points,
but dueling you
just doesn't feel right.
You're not the only one
who lost a friend.
You never gave up
and that's why I'm proud
to be your partner.
Ditto.
Thanks, Aqua.
Trust me,
I know you're hurting
because Aqua is gone,
but I'm hurting
just as much as you are!
This duel will only make
the suffering worse.
So, you miss Aqua
more than I do?
Really now?
Then why do you have that thing?
It looks like
you found
a replacement
for Aqua pretty easily.
(Ai)
So are you two besties already?
Oh who am I to judge you?
You can't keep
grieving forever, I guess.
Not that it was really
anything like for-ever.
It was more like
four seconds.
Ignis,
I do not understand
how your present
course of action
could ever deliver
a positive result,
even for you.
Oh you don't, do you?
The actions of the present
cannot alter
the actions of the past,
but the actions of the present
can alter
the actions of the future.
But your actions of the present
based on the actions
of your past
are leading to actions
of the future
that conflict
with the actions of your past.
Oh what where how who?
Now here's the facts
as I see 'em:
Back then,
I teamed with the meatbags
'cuz I thought it was
the right thing to do.
But look where it got me
and where it got my friends.
Sometimes you can think
you're doing the right thing
but then...
you later learn it was wrong.
Ai.
(grunts)
You now have the responsibility
to determine what path
the future takes.
I sincerely hope
you forge a good one.
And not a future
that either one of you regret.
So short story long,
we're not done dueling.
You're up, Zaizen.
What's wrong?
You need a snack break?
When SOL Technologies created
you and the other Ignis, Ai,
you were all treated
like programs,
instead of the living
creatures that you are.
I could have and should have
intervened to help you,
especially to save
the Earth Ignis
after he had been captured.
Please accept
my deepest apology.
I know I can't make up
for all the pain
you've suffered.
But taking revenge on those
who caused you pain
will not heal
your own pain.
The path you're on
is not the answer.
You have to stop
before it's too late!
So after just admitting
how many mistakes you have made,
I'm the one here among us
who is making the big mistake?
Do you not see
yourself in the mirror
or are you some sort
of a vampire, Zaizen?
Regardless of what you
may think about me,
I won't back down!
For my sake as well as yours,
I won't let you
take my code key!
Then bring it on.
And may the best duelist win,
or in other words, me.
You have two Link Monsters
with 2300 attack points each.
And JUDGMENT ARROWS will double
their attack points
during battle,
making them even more
difficult to destroy.
(Ai)
That's right.
But if you don't destroy them,
you can't win Zaizen.
It's my turn.
I draw!
First, I place
a monster facedown,
then activate the spell card,
STAIRS OF MAIL!
By discarding
a TINDANGLE from my hand,
I can flip my monster
into attack mode.
I send TINDANGLE INTRUDER
to the graveyard!
Show yourself, TINDANGLE ANGEL!
Oh?
TINDANGLES, huh?
It's the same deck
that gave Playmaker
a whole chunk of trouble
back in the day.
When my ANGEL is flipped faceup,
its ability allows me summon
another monster facedown.
And doing so triggers
TINDANGLE INTRUDER's ability.
When a monster is placed
facedown on our field,
my INTRUDER resummons
itself from our graveyard
facedown as well.
And then, I can summon
TINDANGLE BASE GARDNA
in defense mode
when I already have
a facedown monster in play.
Now I'll activate
STAIRS OF MAIL's effect again!
I discard another TINDANGLE
from my hand!
And that switches
TINDANGLE INTRUDER
from facedown defense mode
to faceup attack mode!
And when my INTRUDER
is turned faceup...
its special ability
will then add one TINDANGLE
from my deck into my hand.
Now I'm activating
STAIRS OF MAIL once again!
Show yourself, TINDANGLE HOUND!
Hey!
I remember
that slobbering schnauzer!
Then you should also remember
that it's not one you
should underestimate
because by flipping
one of my monsters facedown,
TINDANGLE HOUND gains
all of its attack points.
So I'll flip TINDANGLE INTRUDER
facedown
to give my HOUND
2200 attack points!
It has 4700 attack points.
Now even if Ai uses
JUDGMENT ARROWS,
Zaizen's monster will still be
stronger than his DARK TEMPLAR.
Then Ai's monster
is gonna be toast!
Here goes.
My TINDANGLE HOUND
attacks your DARK TEMPLAR!
(grunts)
Well, now,
it looks as though I found
a weak spot.
Ugh.
All you did was deal a measly
100 points of damage.
Then watch him do more!
Right?
I activate our trap!
MARINCESS DECISION!
By banishing a MARINCESS
card from our graveyard,
I flip a facedown
monster faceup,
but keep that card
in defense mode,
so I'll banish MARINCESS WAVE
to switch TINDANGLE INTRUDER
from facedown to faceup.
But wait, Ai!
There's more
to MARINCESS DECISION's effect
'cuz we can also use
the newly faceup monster
in order to Link Summon!
Ready, Akira?
Yes!
(Both)
Now, we unite our circuit!
The summoning conditions
require three TINDANGLES!
We Link Summon!
Link 3 TINDANGLE ACUTE CERBERUS!
TINDANGLE ACUTE CERBERUS!
So that's Zaizen's
go-to monster. huh?
No.
Not just his monster,
but theirs,
'cuz they summoned it
together.
How sweet!
Two siblings united in defeat!
(grunts)
Hmm.
♪♪♪